

## Cancelled
* [-] Review Proxy Rreplacement VM requirements summary and approve <2018-08-24
* [-] Follow up with Roger about OBDX and Actimize integration <2018-08-24

## Done
* [x] Ask Dena to set up meeting with SS&C [[Portia xPortal]]
* [x] Follow up with Milind re actimize and authentify 
* [x] Create cmo/FMO for F5 replacement of Apache reverse proxy <2018-08-24
* [x] Email diagram for review by F5 engineer 
* [x] Gather information about ODBX model office environment
* [x] Create spreadsheet of source and destination ip addresses for OBDX model office access from prod VDI 
* [x] Review email follow up folder 
* [x] Review [[Someday]] list 

## Scheduled
* [>] Review Peterâ€™s feedback on DLP requirements >2018-08-28
* [>] Take Spartans class >2018-08-28
* [>] Take AB advanced training >2018-08-28
* [>] Complete project pipeline capacity spreadsheet for Sudhanshu >2018-08-28